# beatsabers
BeatSabers is an action oriented rhythm-based game played using Virtual Reality (VR) headsets that includes movement of the player’s whole body. We are teaming up with University of California San Francisco’s (UCSF) Neuroscape department, to design a game that makes players more rhythmic. Neuroscape is a neuroscience center at UCSF which combines technology with scientific research to better improve brain function for all. Their hypothesis is that rhythms will make the player better at anticipating which links to cognitive improvements. Physical exercise is the key component to this virtual reality experience. With the combination of both physical aspect and cognitive training the results would yield better improvements than just cognitive training alone. With our adaptive algorithms our game’s difficulty will adapt to the players level constantly.

The player will swing VR-simulated “lightsabers” to slice beats in sync with the rhythm of music with varying levels of difficulty. The game results is primarily going to be used by scientists to check certain parts of improved brain functionality. Our game will simulate a fun and replayable environment. The movement will be simple; swaying arms, moving feet, and maneuvering your upper body. Although there are no intense moves, this will give you a decent workout with a enjoyable time playing the game. The heart monitors will track your heart rate while you are playing the game, the results will determine if the player has reached their potential.Our team with the help of UCSF is well-rounded and excited to be part of this virtual reality game. We are well determined and motivated to make this game happen.

Team:
Anirudh Mohan, Hung Do, Tatem Hedgepeth, Carmen Cheung, Justice Chase, Saengduean Calderez and Taylor Marquez.